# The-drama
Hi. if you are from ponytown, and you clicked my profile, pls read this 
it all started with a hangout named "Hudsons Bar". . . .. . . .. . ...
SO, theres this guy who we will call "Moon rises" and MANY people are intrusting him. . . if you have encountered him, and he said we "GANGED UP" on him, i dunno what hes talking about. so basically, it all started with this stage. people were fighting for having turns to sing on stage. And, Moon rises was booing a bit too much. when everyone stopped, and host was on stage, HE WAS STILL BOOING. YOU KNOW WHAT HE SAID? "everyone had fun" ...fym FUN??? we were BOOING someone else to get off stage ;o; also after that... he AGGRESSIVELY. asked for a beer in a non polite way. he didnt add /j or /hj. i told host to kick him and he did kick moon rises. and then a few mins later, host made me co host, and i started inviting. host told me moon rises was getting revenge or something, pretty impressed. gotta say, his revenge thing WORKED. so, moon rises kept saying BOO and told everyone not to join, and kept covering me. i came back to the island map, and came back to docks again, to invite because we were losing people. then, i saw MOON RISES!!!! >:o Turns out he was telling everyone what happened. and said we "GNGED UP" on him. I dunno what hes talking about AT ALL. nobody was fighting him. all we did was kick him, because most of us were getting uncomfortable. think about others, will ya? 
results: someone called me a dry typer for calling them dude, and also gave me the L. this is what it feels like to be framed huh?
I REALLY WANNA REPORT MOON RISES. But, i dont have solid proof because my dumb ahh forgot to copy any messages or screenshot anything. if yall could report him for me that would be greatful! :D
PLEASE DO NOT attack anyone mentioned here.
and do not think this is supposeed to be a sorry essay cuh
now im scared to use my gwi ma cosplay from kpop demon hunters
Also, im new to github so if i made any mistakes i dunno about it 
